
# Paramedicine Summary of Care CDA Documents

**This Content profile will deffine the Documents that are generated by a paramedicine electonic patient care record system to faciiate efficiate documentation of and episode of care or a transfer of the patient's information to reciving facilites during transport.**

<a name="actors-and-transactions"> </a>

## 1:X.1 PSCc Actors, Transactions, and Content Modules
This section defines the actors, transactions, and/or content modules in this implementation guide. General definitions of actors are given in the Technical Frameworks General Introduction Appendix A. IHE Transactions can be found in the Technical Frameworks General Introduction Appendix B. Both appendices are located at https://profiles.ihe.net/GeneralIntro/.   

### 1:X.1.1 Actors
The actors in this profile are described in more detail in the sections below.
  - [PSCc Content Creator](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1)
  - [PSCc Content Consumer](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1)

<a name="Content-Creator"> </a>

#### 1:X.1.1.1 Content Creator

The [PSCc Content Creator](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1) creates the [PSCc content](StructureDefinition-IHE.PCC.MD.ClinicalDocument.MedicalDocument.html) and shares it using one of the methods defined in the [IHE Document Sharing Health Information Exchange](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/HIE-Whitepaper/index.html).
**TODO Replace LINKS**

<a name="Content-Consumer"> </a>

#### 1:X.1.1.2 Content Consumer

The [PSCc Content Consumer](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1) consumes the [PSCc content](StructureDefinition-IHE.PCC.mAPS.Composition.html) and obtains it using one of the methods defined in the [IHE Document Sharing Health Information Exchange](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/HIE-Whitepaper/index.html).



**TODO Still TEMPLATE**
### 1:X.1.2 mAPS Content

The Content Creator and Content Consumer share the [APS content](StructureDefinition-IHE.PCC.MD.ClinicalDocument.MedicalDocument.html) using one of the methods defined in the [IHE Document Sharing Health Information Exchange](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/HIE-Whitepaper/index.html).

<a name="actor-options"> </a>

## 1:X.2 mAPS Actor Options

Options that may be selected for each actor in this implementation guide, are listed in Table 3.2-1 below. Dependencies
between options when applicable are specified in notes.

|     Actor        |      Option                          |
|------------------|--------------------------------------|
| Content Creator  | Clinical Subset                      |
| Content Creator  | Complete Report                      |
| Content Consumer | View                                 |
| Content Consumer | Document Import                      |
| Content Consumer | Section Import                       |
| Content Consumer | Discrete Data Import                 |
| Content Consumer | Clinical Subset Discrete Data Import |
| Content Consumer | Quality Data Discrete Data Import    |
| Content Consumer | Trauma Discrete Data Import          |
{: .grid}
Note 1: The Content Creator must be able to support at least one of these options
Note 2: The Content Consumer must implement at least one of these options.
Note 3: If the Content Consumer implements any of these options, it must also support the Discrete Data Import Option.


### 1:X.2.1 View Option

This option defines the processing requirements placed on Content Consumers for providing access, rendering and management of the medical document. See the [View Option in IHE PCC TF-2:3.1.1](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1) for more details on this option.

The Content Consumer Actor shall be able to present a view of the document. Minimal view guidance following [FHIR core Document Presentation](http://hl7.org/fhir/documents.html#presentation).

### 1:X.2.2 Document Import Option

This option defines the processing requirements placed on Content Consumers for providing access, and importing the entire medical document and managing it as part of the patient record. See the [Document Import Option in IHE PCC TF-2:3.1.2](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1) for more details on this option.

### 1:X.2.3 Discrete Data Import Option

This option defines the processing requirements placed on Content Consumers for providing access, and importing discrete data from selected sections of the medical document and
managing them as part of the patient record. See the [Discrete Data Import Option in IHE PCC TF-2:3.1.4](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/sIPS/pcc.html#31-document-sharing-pcc-1) for more details on this option.

### 1:X.2.4 Clinical Subset Discrete Data Import

This option defines the processing requirements placed on the Content Consumers for providing access and importing the clinical subset data from selected sections of the Paramedicine Care Summary. The discrete data import data details are in **TODO Add Link**

### 1:X.2.5 Quality Data Import Option

This option defines the processing requirements placed on the Content Consumers for providing access and importing quality data from selected sections of the  Paramedicine Care Summary. The discrete data import data details are in **TODO Add Link**

### 1:X.2.6 Trauma Data Import Option

This option defines the processing requirements placed on the content consumers for providing access and importing trauma data from selected sections of the Paramedicine Care Summary. The discrete data import data details are in **TODO Add Link**


<a name="required-groupings"> </a>

## 1:X.3 mAPS Required Actor Groupings

There are no required actor groupings for this profile.

<a name="overview"> </a>

## 1:X.1 Overview
Transferring patient information from a Paramedicine ePCR using a send transaction can increase the efficiency of patient hand off between ambulance and hospitals.
The data elements relating to paramedicine care are described in Appendix A.

### 1:X.4.1 Concepts
When a hospital is receiving a patient arriving in an emergency ambulance transport, the main
source of the patient information is the ambulance crew that performed the emergency transport.
This information is not typically electronically transferred and therefore this relay of information
is usually verbal. This can draw away from the treatment of the patient. The use of an
interoperable transfer of patient information can reduce the time spent relaying information and550
provide the hospital treatment team with patient information that can be used to make decisions
on their treatment upon their arrival to the hospital.
### 1:X.4.2 Use Cases

## 1:X.2 Use Cases 

### 1:X.2.1.1 Use case 1
TBD

Figure below shows the actors directly
involved in the Antepartum Summary document exchange  
Profile and the relevant transactions between them.

<figure>
{%include ActorsAndTransactions.svg%}
<figcaption><b>Figure 28.1-2: PCC Content Creator Content Consumer [PCC-01] Actor Diagram</b></figcaption>
</figure>
<br clear="all">


<a name="security-considerations"> </a>

## 1:X.5 PSCc Security Considerations

See ITI TF-2x: [Appendix Z.8 “Mobile Security Considerations”](https://profiles.ihe.net/ITI/TF/Volume2/ch-Z.html#z.8-mobile-security-considerations)

<a name="other-grouping"> </a>

## X.6 PSCc Cross Profile Considerations

The information that is imported by the Paramedicine Care Summary (PCS) Content Consumer implementing the quality option may be leveraged to support content needed for the Quality Outcome Reporting for EMS (QORE) Profile. 

The use of the IHE XD* family of transactions is encouraged to support standards-based interoperability between systems acting as the PCS Content Creator and PCS Content Consumer. However, this profile does not require any groupings with ITI XD* actors to facilitate transport of the content document it defines.

IHE transport transactions that MAY be utilized by systems playing the roles of PCS Content Creator or Content Consumer to support the standard use case defined in this profile:

 - A Document Source in XDS.b, a Portable Media Creator in XDM, or a Document Source in XDR might be grouped with the PCS Content Creator. A Document Consumer in XDS.b, a Portable Media Importer in XDM, or a Document Recipient in XDR might be grouped with the PCS Content Consumer. A registry/repository-based infrastructure is defined by the IHE Cross Enterprise Document Sharing (XDS.b) Profile that includes profile support that can be leveraged to facilitate retrieval of public health related information from a document sharing infrastructure: Multi-Patient Query (MPQ), and Document Metadata Subscription (DSUB).
 - A reliable messaging-based infrastructure is defined by the IHE Cross Enterprise Document Reliable Interchange (XDR) Profile. A Document Source in XDR might be grouped with the PCS Content Creator. A Document Recipient in XDR might be grouped with the PCS Content Consumer.
Detailed descriptions of these transactions can be found in the IHE IT Infrastructure TechnicalFramework.